‘Turn your life around,
‘so that seasons of refreshing
may come from Jehovah himself.’
Those words changed my life,
and they saved the life of my little girl.
I was raised in a Witness family.
But I chose
a dark underworld
of practically everything
that Jehovah hates.
After about 15 years,
although financially secure,
I was confronted with the failure
that my life had become.
I was trying to raise a child
while addicted to drugs.
I just didn’t want
to live like that anymore,
and I wanted to be a good mother.
So for the first time in years,
I prayed to Jehovah.
The knock came on my door
the very next day.
I began studying with a vengeance.
I had 15 years to catch up on.
I had a lot of help.
I progressively changed my lifestyle,
I changed my associates,
and I conquered my addiction.
I slowly began to overcome
feelings of worthlessness.
So none of these changes were easy to make,
but it made me feel
clean and happy
knowing that Jehovah was pleased.
My burning desire at that point
really was to begin sharing
with other people what I was learning,
but I didn’t qualify
to engage in the public ministry
because I was still living
with my boyfriend at the time.
And he didn’t understand
some of the changes I was making.
I was determined
to turn my life around
and overcome this last hurdle
that was preventing me
from serving Jehovah fully.
Two weeks later,
I found out I was pregnant.
I was devastated.
I didn’t know what all those people
who had helped me would think
and how Jehovah
felt about what was happening.
I was so ashamed.
I actually blamed Jehovah
for letting it happen.
I was so confused.
My first inclination
was just to get an abortion.
But deep down,
I knew that was wrong.
I thought, ‘Now everyone will know
‘that I’m still the worthless person
that I always knew I was.’
At that point,
I just felt like giving up.
I told my aunt and uncle,
who are Jehovah’s Witnesses,
about my situation.
They didn’t judge me at all,
but they did offer a curious suggestion:
They invited me up to Bethel for a visit.
They introduced me to an elder
who was very kind,
and I talked to him
about my situation.
I was shocked
by how loving he was.
So he shared with me Acts 3:19.
“Repent, therefore, and turn around
“so as to get your sins blotted out,
“that seasons of refreshing
may come from the person of Jehovah.”
Well, he told me
I had already sinned,
but why should I sin a second time?
Why should this innocent child pay
for what I had done wrong?
He suggested I teach my baby
about Jehovah and raise the child up
to know Him and have a friendship with Him.
I loved that he took something that was
sad and depressing for me
and turned it into something beautiful.
Well, I had a new plan now.
I was really determined
to do everything I had to do
to turn my life around
in order to please Jehovah.
So eventually I qualified to become
an unbaptized publisher,
and later I was baptized in 2010.
I gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
I already dedicated my life to Jehovah.
So two of my goals
are to get baptized and pioneer.
I’m as determined as ever
to raise Jolie up to love Jehovah
and to avoid the traps
that almost cost us our lives.